I'm joined here with Simon Scott and I'm
a massive fan of floater fishing and I'm
gonna pick your brains and basically
about how good speed
blue speed for floater fishing yeah told
me free what you use cuz you're a big
fan I love floating fishing okay I have
to admit I hold my hand up and anybody
that's watching this there's see me flow
fish will know I'm useless at it but I
can often get them feeding and one of
the best tricks I've found for really
getting fish feeding well on the top is
to use for the food items and you know
we we would have grown up on sort of
floats of fishing his Chum mixtures and
putting our mixers and catapulting them
out but some roll on the line I think it
might be you may well have been Adam
penny
who said that keep trying little pellets
I've probably been messing about of them
as well and yeah no question if you
apply a small pellet you know it's
frustrating and I see that I've got some
pet fish in my gone pawn if I put out
hundreds of these they'll come up slurp
slurp slurp gone if I put out the same
weight but it's small pellets the fish
are on the top for a great deal longer
and they're hunting about looking for
the last morsel so you know when I'm
flirting fish you know try and mix yeah
obviously situations don't always
dictate that yes but if you can I like
to have a copy of different food items
out there so I might actually also crush
a few of these up I might make some
Cheerios breakfast cereal in there as
well
different little bits and pieces you
know so I would mix certainly mix these
up with some bigger pellets when I'm
when I'm feeding and but you must
include the bigger pellets because if
you go all small pellets and then they
come across the one big one there like
that so in your not gonna read that well
know you always wanna you always want a
few big ones so I guess in for hook
because I say small you use a big yeah
so I would say maybe two or three
spoonfuls of small pellets and then
maybe if they're within Canterville
range caterpillar a few big and so the
fish are coming across rafts or little
pellets
a little group drifting about then the
old big pellet so that they then they're
not conditioned to just little pellets
so mix it up yeah it's gonna stay in the
same small I'm guessing you have to use
a spot of some sort yeah I will spot
them out yeah you can't cut the bottom
if you get the written Tabriz right but
you're often enough capital league and
they'll come back in your face so you
finally they when they get on then you
can get fish beaten in numbers and they
just keep dropping
oh I family the little pellets they they
get almost wound up by the these lots of
little food items it's like a tiny fly
hatch and that and they spend hours
looking for them and some are my best
results as I said I'm pretty rubbish at
flying fish you know I get I end up all
fingers and thumbs and can throw in a
size 10 and but I find that that gives
me the best opportunity din you're
saying that go down to a small pile
that's all use a mixture of pellets with
a lot small pellets in that ya can give
you a real good edge - yeah absolutely
and the other thing about small pellets
which may be worth throwing in here is
that they're not quite so easy for the
birds to pickle I was going to mention
the bits how do they find them
well they'll eat them for sure and
seagulls will come down meet them don't
spot them is easy they're not as easy to
spot the other thing I check that great
great body out a penny I definitely
would say here
he's always take enough to feed off the
birds and I've been floating fishing
with Adam a few times and Adam will take
with you
loads of bread sack of the cheapest dog
food anything to get the girls out of
the equation so I've seen out of a feed
through for those of bread to the gulls
and all the seagulls are sitting around
there now it's the best day of my life
and then Adam 20 focused on the float
fishing so don't buy good quality
pennants like these and then put them in
and watch the girls take them take a cut
of those of bread to feed the birds off
and then concentrate on getting that
fish up and feeding fantastic I'll
certainly be given the small pellets a
try thank you very much my pleasure
you